Before using iPhone, review the iPhone User Guide at
support.apple.com/guide/iphone. Retain documentation
for future reference.
Safety and Handling
See “Safety, handling, and support” in the iPhone
User Guide.
Exposure to Radio Frequency
On iPhone, go to Settings > General > Legal &
Regulatory > RF Exposure. Or go to apple.com/
legal/rfexposure.
Battery and Charging
An iPhone battery should only be repaired by a trained
technician to avoid battery damage, which could cause
overheating, fire, or injury. Batteries should be recycled
or disposed of separately from household waste and
according to local environmental laws and guidelines. For
information about Apple lithium-ion batteries and battery
service and recycling, go to apple.com/batteries/service-
and-recycling. For information about charging, see
“Important safety information” in the iPhone User Guide.
Lasers
The proximity sensor and the front camera system
contain one or more lasers. These laser systems may be
disabled for safety reasons if the device is damaged or
malfunctions. If you receive a notification on your iPhone
that the laser system is disabled, you should always have
it repaired by Apple or an authorized service provider.
Improper repair, modification, or use of non-genuine
Apple components in the laser systems may prevent the
safety mechanisms from functioning properly, and could
cause hazardous exposure and injury to eyes or skin.
Class 1 Laser Information
This device is classified as a Class 1 Laser product per IEC
60825-1 Ed. 3. This device complies with 21 CFR 1040.10
and 1040.11, except for conformance with IEC 60825-1
Ed. 3., as described in Laser Notice No. 56, dated May 8,
2019. Caution: This device contains one or more lasers.
Use other than as described in the user guide, repair, or
disassembly may cause damage, which could result in
hazardous exposure to infrared laser emissions that are
not visible. This equipment should be serviced by Apple
or an authorized service provider.
CLASS 1 LASER PRODUCT
Hearing Aid Compatibility (HAC)
Go to apple.com/support/hac, or see “Use hearing
devices” in the iPhone User Guide.
Avoid Hearing Damage
To prevent possible hearing damage, do not listen at
high volume levels for long periods. More information
about sound and hearing is available online at apple.com/
sound and in “Important safety information” in the
iPhone User Guide.
Medical Device Interference
iPhone contains magnets as well as components and/
or radios that may interfere with medical devices. See
“Important safety information” in the iPhone User Guide.
Regulatory
Regulatory certification information is available on-device.
Go to Settings > General > Legal & Regulatory. Additional
regulatory information is in “Safety, handling, and
support” in the iPhone User Guide.
FCC and ISED Canada Compliance
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules and
ISED Canada licence-exempt RSS standard(s). Operation
is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device
may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device
must accept any interference received, including
interference that may cause undesired operation.
Disposal and Recycling Information
The symbol above means that according to local laws
and regulations your product and/or its battery shall be
disposed of separately from household waste. When this
product reaches its end of life, take it to a collection point
designated by local authorities. The separate collection
and recycling of your product and/or its battery at the
time of disposal will help conserve natural resources and
ensure that it is recycled in a manner that protects human
health and the environment. For information about Apple’s
recycling program, recycling collection points, restricted
substances, and other environmental initiatives, visit
apple.com/environment.
Apple One-Year Limited Warranty Summary
Apple warrants the included hardware product and
accessories against defects in materials and workmanship
for one year from the date of original retail purchase.
Apple does not warrant against normal wear and tear,
nor damage caused by accident or abuse. To obtain
service, call Apple or visit an Apple Store or an Apple
Authorized Service Provider—available service options are
dependent on the country in which service is requested
and may be restricted to the original country of sale. Call
charges and international shipping charges may apply,
depending on the location. Subject to the full terms and
detailed information on obtaining service available at
apple.com/legal/warranty and support.apple.com, if you
submit a valid claim under this warranty, Apple will either
repair, replace, or refund your hardware device at its own
discretion. Warranty benefits are in addition to rights
provided under local consumer laws. You may be required
to furnish proof of purchase details when making a claim
under this warranty.
© 2025 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple
logo, and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered
in the U.S. and other countries and regions. Apple Store
is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and
other countries and regions.
Printed in XXXX. XX034-07076-A